[MUSIC]
>> Brian: So
let's get rid of the key thing real quick.
Cause we all know that's really annoying.
So come in here to show card.
Show card.
Not show card, search, search.jsx.
And we have to give it a key.
>> Brian: And we're gonna do show.imdbid.
Now the reason why we're doing
this is react is actually pretty
smart about the way it
does updates to the dom.
It has like a whole virtual dom diffing
system underneath the hood like you
don't really have to care what the virtual
dom is because you never really have
to interact with it.
You can basically interact with
react as if it was a normal dom and
just not care what's actually
going underneath the black box.
But key is basically
saying I have the show and
in the future if I decided
to rearrange all my shows,
please reuse the same dom elements, right?
So if I have Daredevil here, right.
And I rearrange House of Cards
to swap places with Daredevil
like please reuse them, right?
And so it will be smart enough to take
one out and put it in the other but
the only way that it knows how to
do that is if you give it a key
that it can key off of, right?
So in this particular case if
you look at our dated R.J. sun.
They all have these
IMDB IDs right here and
these are guaranteed unique to
those different shows right.
So now that it has this unique ID and
I could swap these two and
it's smart enough to know that okay
I can keep these same dom things.
I don't have to create, destroy and
be less efficient, right?
So basically giving react to hint
to be able to reorder these things
without destroying things unnecessarily.
And so if you go back here to search,
I'll save that.
I'm still getting my errors.
I'll fix those in a sec too.
But if I look down here right now
I'm seeing this prop error but
if I refresh it'll be gone.
That's what that error means.
It says hey you're doing
a repeat on something and
I need to know which one is which.
It's basically the gist of it.
Question about that?
[BLANK-AUDIO] Make some sense
hopefully and I know for a fact
Angular has the same concept in there.
I think they're like track by or group by.
No, not group by I think it's track by.